For all page:
1. while user click profile icon it should populate the profile, and give change password feature (Done)
2. show name of user while login with icon on top. (Done)

Admin:
1. Move total expences card to up line to make it 4 and these are dynamic with today, weekly, monthly (Done)
2. add more cards in second row: 1: Total Lab Test 2: Total OT Cases (Done)
3. generate salary after the joining date, for the montly cycle, also calculate the days if he joind after some day of the salary date (Done)
4. While give salary to employee, add incentive or decrease amount for leave or other expences (Done)
5. While purchase inventry for hospital it should add in expences (Done)
6. add reset password button in user access, to create one time password as "AlQamarPass-005", while user login, will change on first login (Done)
7. add name column while create user (Done)

Operator:
1. In patient page, add view button in action column to view the patient history such as OPD and test reports (Done)
2. Lab results, add today, weekly, monthly and custom button to filter the lab results (Done)


Lab:
1. Add today, weekly, monthly and custom range for main dashboard in lab dashboard (Done)
2. add Cash card to show the amount collected on counter for lab (Done)
1. Remove Today from receipt bar chart (Done)
3. add chart for vairous types of test, to show the analytics of different test, today weekly monthly (Done)


Store:
1. Confirm first expire first out (Done)
2. add purchase price while sell medicine, but did not show in receipt (Done)
3. set drop down for today weekly monthly in Recent Sales table (Done)
4. while damage or expire the medicine, it purchase price to becut from Cash, while return tosupplier itamount to be return added to cash, also add card on dashboard (Done)
5. while return sale, again it shows total quantity of purchase (Done)


Dev: Develop new page for developer acces with /dev
1. backup database
2. restore database
3. clean database
4. Create management/admin
